[Doc][V1] Update model implementation guide for V1 support (#11998)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/contributing/model/multimodal.md

  ```

  - Implement {meth}`~vllm.model_executor.models.interfaces.SupportsMultiModal.get_multimodal_embeddings` that returns the embeddings from running the multimodal inputs through the multimodal tokenizer of the model. Below we provide a 
  boilerplate of a typical implementation pattern, but feel free to adjust it to your own needs.

    ```python
    class YourModelForImage2Seq(nn.Module, SupportsMultiModal):
        ...

        def _process_image_input(self, image_input: YourModelImageInputs) -> torch.Tensor:

            assert self.vision_encoder is not None
            image_features = self.vision_encoder(image_input)
            return self.multi_modal_projector(image_features)

        def get_multimodal_embeddings(self, **kwargs: object) -> Optional[NestedTensors]:

            # Validate the multimodal input keyword arguments
            image_input = self._parse_and_validate_image_input(**kwargs)
            if image_input is None:
                return None

            # Run multimodal inputs through encoder and projector
            vision_embeddings = self._process_image_input(image_input)
            return vision_embeddings
    ```

    ```{important}

>     The returned `multimodal_embeddings` must be either a 3D `torch.Tensor` of shape `[num_images, feature_size, hidden_size]`, or a tuple of 2D `torch.Tensor` of shape `[feature_size, hidden_size]`, so that `multimodal_embeddings[i]` retrieves the embeddings generated from the `i`-th multimodal data item (e.g, image) of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The returned `multimodal_embeddings` must be either a 3D {class}`torch.Tensor` of shape `(num_items, feature_size, hidden_size)`, or a tuple of 2D {class}`torch.Tensor`s of shape `(feature_size, hidden_size)`, so that `multimodal_embeddings[i]` retrieves the embeddings generated from the `i`-th multimodal data item (e.g, image) of the request.
```

Reviewer: Also, this technically can be a list of tensors instead of a tuple.

Author: That's true - let me clarify
